All right now we're going to go ahead and get set up.
If you already have a preferred set up on your machine for development day by all means use that set
up.
I'm going to give two different options.
First one is more for beginners and the second one is more for people who are a little more familiar
with the back end.
So if you go to bracket start I know this is going to be the option for beginners and all you have to
do is download brackets and then follow the set up steps and after you're done you should be able to
pin it to your task bar and have that available to you.
Bracket's is a great text editor for beginners in the main reason that I would be using it as a beginner
is because of this little lightning bolt right here.
What it's going to do is give you a live preview of your web page so it'll automatically sync it with
your browser.
And any time you save something it will automatically reload the web page with the changes that you've
made so it will be a lot easier to follow along and actually do what I'm doing in the future videos.